HTTP Origin header - improve sandbox allow-same-origin doc (#40493)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/origin/index.md

- Cross-origin images and media data, including that in {{HTMLElement("img")}}, {{HTMLElement("video")}} and {{HTMLElement("audio")}} elements.
- Documents created programmatically using {{domxref("DOMImplementation.createDocument", "createDocument()")}}, generated from a `data:` URL, or that do not have a creator browsing context.
- Redirects across origins.

> - Documents served with the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Security-Policy")}} `sandbox` directive, where its value doesn't include `allow-same-origin`.
> - {{HTMLElement("iframe", "iframes")}} with a sandbox attribute, where its value doesn't include `allow-same-origin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documents served with the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Security-Policy")}} `sandbox` directive whose value doesn't include `allow-same-origin`.
- {{HTMLElement("iframe", "iframes")}} with a sandbox attribute whose value doesn't include `allow-same-origin`.
```
